There was two boys, and these two boys were brothers.
Bohunker was the name of one.
Tychunker the name of the other.
There were two boys, and they were brothers.
Bohunker was the name of one.
Tychunker the name of the other.
These two boys would go to town whenever they had money.
Bo Hunker, he'd drink rock and rice.
Ty Chunker, drink peach and honey.
These two boys, they'd go to town whenever they had money.
Bo Hunker, he'd drink rock and rice.
Ty Chunker, drink peach and honey.
These two boys, they'd play seven up whenever it would rain.
Bo Hunker, he'd get hollow jacked.
I Kunker'd get the game.
These two boys, they'd play seven up whenever it would rain.
Bo Hunker, he'd get hollow jacked.
High Chunkard, get the game.
These two boys, they had an old mare.
And this old mare was blind.
Bo Hunkard, he would ride before.
High Chunkard, ride behind.
These two boys, they had an old mare.
And this old mare was blind.
Bo Hunkard, he would ride before.
Kai Chunkard right behind These two boys had an old coat, was made on Easter Monday.
Bo Hunkard, he would wear it every day, Kai Chunkard wear it for Sunday.
These two boys, they had an old coat, was made on Easter Monday.
Bo Hunker, he would ride every day.
High Chunker, bird of a Sunday.